[EG-1575] Configuration Obfuscator page updates for CE 4.4 (#64)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-enterprise/4.4/tools-config-obfuscator.md

# Configuration Obfuscator

The purpose of the Configuraton Obfuscator tool is to obfuscate sensitive information in configuration files.

The Configuration Obfuscator makes node installation less vulnerable to someone trawling plain text files, searching for passwords and credentials of resources that they should not have access to in the first place.

{{< warning >}}
Although the Configuration Obfuscator does protect the node against trawling attacks, it does not ensure that password protection is completely secure. For improved security, always use the [latest released version](https://docs.corda.net/docs/corda-enterprise/tools-config-obfuscator.html) of the tool.
{{< /warning >}}

{{< note >}}

> The Configuraton Obfuscator tool can only be used with Corda Enterprise 4.4 (and above) node and Corda Firewall configuration files. Configuration files obfuscated with older versions of Corda Enterprise can still be deobfuscated by Corda Enterprise 4.4 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Configuraton Obfuscator tool can only be used with Corda Enterprise 4.4 (and above) nodes, Corda Firewall and CENM 1.3 (and above) configuration files. Corda configuration files obfuscated with older versions of Corda Enterprise can still be deobfuscated by Corda Enterprise 4.4 and above. CENM 1.1 and 1.2 obfuscated configuration files can be deobfuscated with CENM 1.3 and above, but should be re-obfuscated with the new tool.
```

Reviewer: After discussion, realised this content is for 4.5, not 4.4. Please ignore.

The configuration directives described below can be placed arbitrarily within 'string' properties in the target configuration file, with a maximum of one per line.

For example:

```json
{
  // (...)
  "dataSourceProperties" : {
    "dataSource" : {
      "url" : "jdbc:h2:file:persistence;<encrypt{sensitive-options-go-here}>",
      "user" : "<encrypt{your-database-username}>",
      "password" : "<encrypt{your-secret-database-password}>"
    },
    "dataSourceClassName" : "org.h2.jdbcx.JdbcDataSource"
  },
  // (...)
}
```

### Directive to indicate obfuscation areas

To indicate parts of the configuration that should be obfuscated, you can place text markers in the form `<encrypt{...}>`. For example:

```json
{
  // (...)
  "p2pAddress": "somehost.com:10001",
  "keyStorePassword": "<encrypt{testpassword}>",
  // (...)
}
```

The example below shows how this area of the configuration file will look like after it is run through the obfuscation tool:

```json
{
  // (...)
  "p2pAddress": "somehost.com:10001",
  "keyStorePassword": "<{8I1E8FKrBxVkRpZGZKAxKg==:oQqmyYO+SZJhRkPB7laNyQ==}>",
  // (...)
}
```

### Deobfuscation based on configuration directives

> When run by a Corda node or service on a machine with the matching hardware address, the configuration is deobfuscated on the fly and interpreted as shown in the example below:

Reviewer 2: I've noticed this sentence still makes reference to the hardware address, which only matters if the non-recommended defaults are used. I guess this should really say that when the node/service is run with the correct seed/passphrase provided, then the configuration is deobfuscated on the fly.

Author: Updated, thanks!
